feat(changelog): mongodb-added-vpc-x-managed-mongodbr-integration 2025-02-24 (#4478)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-24-mongodb-added-vpc-x-managed-mongodbr-integration.mdx

---

> title: VPC x Managed MongoDB® integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: VPC and Managed MongoDB® integration
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #managed-mongodb-public-beta channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-02-24
category: databases
product: mongodb
---

> VPC is now integrated with Managed MongoDB, allowing to attach a database instance to a private network. Refer to [this documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-mongodb-databases/how-to/connect-database-private-network/) to set it up.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VPC is now integrated with Managed MongoDB, allowing you to attach a database instance to a Private Network. Refer to [the dedicated documentation](/managed-mongodb-databases/how-to/connect-database-private-network/) to find out how to set it up.

```
